Create 7.0.0-nuxeo-drive-release-notes.md (#2761)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-platform-spaces: src/client-apps/nuxeo-drive/nuxeo-drive-release-notes/7.0.0-nuxeo-drive-release-notes.md

---
title: 7.0.0
description: Release notes for Nuxeo Drive.
tree_item_index: 260
review:
  comment: 'release'
  date: '2026-05-26'
  status: ok
toc: true
---

Welcome to the Release Notes for **Nuxeo Drive 7.0.0**

**Status**: <font color="#0066ff">**Release**</font> </br>
<i class="fa fa-long-arrow-right" aria-hidden="true"></i> [Changelog](https://github.com/nuxeo/nuxeo-drive/blob/master/docs/changes/7.0.0.md)

## New Features 

### New direct download feature

> You can now download large files directly, supported by new backend services and an updated interface. Large file downloads are now easier, and more reliable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now download large files directly. With new backend services and an updated interface, large file downloads are now easier, and more reliable.
```

## Improvements

### Updated platforms and runtimes

> We updated the app to use PyQt6 and Node.js 24 so that it matches modern platforms and tools. The app now works better with current systems and is easier to maintain and improve over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the app to use PyQt6 and Node.js 24 so that it matches modern platforms and tools. The app now works better with current systems and is easier to maintain and improve over time.
```

## Security Vulnerability Fixes

### Safer dependencies and libraries

> We fixed security issues in several core libraries, including Authlib, pip, Pygments, cryptography, Requests, and the way pytest handles temporary folders. These changes make the app more secure overall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We fixed security issues in several core libraries, including Authlib, pip, Pygments, cryptography, Requests, and the way pytest handles temporary folders. These changes make the app more secure.
```
